2. NFT pre-sale-raffle-2024/README.md, before:

# NFA.meme NFT pre-sale raffle 2024
Welcome to the NFA.meme NFT pre-sale raffle 2024! In this raffle, you have a chance to win Lil Pudgy!

## How the Raffle works

1. To participate in the raffle, you need to follow this tweet:

   - https://x.com/nfa_meme/status/1856908460677534189

2. Raffle Period:

   - The raffle will end on November 18th 2024, 11:59 AM UTC.
   - During this period, all eligible participants will have a chance to win.

3. Winner Selection:

   - At the end of the raffle period, the winner will be randomly selected from all eligible participants.
   - The selection process will be conducted using a provably fair algorithm to ensure transparency and fairness.
   - The winner is picked by using the information from block number 21214373 which is around 12 noon UTC on 11/18/2024.
   - The winner is picked by using a deterministic algorithm which is using the block number and the number of eligible addresses to pick a winner.

4. Winner Announcement:

   - The winner will be announced through our official NFA.meme twitter.
   - The Lil Pudgy will be sent directly to the winner's wallet.

## How the Raffle Algorithm Works

The raffle algorithm works as follows:

1. Get the block size information of the block number 21214373 which is around 12 noon UTC on 11/18/2024.
2. Feed the block size information as well as block number into a deterministic algorithm to pick a winner.
3. The winner is the address that matches the random number generated by the deterministic algorithm.

By following this algorithm, we ensure a fair and transparent selection process for the raffle winners.

Thank you for participating in the NFA.meme pre-sale raffle! Good luck!

Commit message:

[Pre-sale 2024] Randomise 2 winners instead of 1

2. NFT pre-sale-raffle-2024/README.md, after:

```
📍 We have decided that we should have 2 prizes instead of 1! So we are pushing the code to raffle 2 winners for this event.
```


# NFA.meme NFT pre-sale raffle 2024
Welcome to the NFA.meme NFT pre-sale raffle 2024! In this raffle, you have a chance to win Lil Pudgy!

## How the Raffle works

1. To participate in the raffle, you need to follow this tweet:

   - https://x.com/nfa_meme/status/1856908460677534189

2. Raffle Period:

   - The raffle will end on November 18th 2024, 11:59 AM UTC.
   - During this period, all eligible participants will have a chance to win.

3. Winner Selection:

   - At the end of the raffle period, the winner will be randomly selected from all eligible participants.
   - The selection process will be conducted using a provably fair algorithm to ensure transparency and fairness.
   - The winner is picked by using the information from block number 21214373 which is around 12 noon UTC on 11/18/2024.
   - The winner is picked by using a deterministic algorithm which is using the block number and the number of eligible addresses to pick a winner.

4. Winner Announcement:

   - The winner will be announced through our official NFA.meme twitter.
   - The Lil Pudgy will be sent directly to the winner's wallet.

## How the Raffle Algorithm Works

The raffle algorithm works as follows:

1. Get the block size information of the block number 21214373 which is around 12 noon UTC on 11/18/2024.
2. Feed the block size information as well as block number into a deterministic algorithm to pick a winner.
3. The winner is the address that matches the random number generated by the deterministic algorithm.

By following this algorithm, we ensure a fair and transparent selection process for the raffle winners.

Thank you for participating in the NFA.meme pre-sale raffle! Good luck!
